this is a special report from ABC News
for those of you who may have just
gotten home police in Los Angeles now
believe that white car at the head of
that car chase is the car they have been
looking for juice okay just calm down
why are you calling me juice and stop
telling me to calm down the Emmy start
in five minutes if I'm late don't let
Tom Bergeron hose do you understand that
I like Tom Bergeron
everyone likes Tom Bergeron that's the
point we are you going south you got to
turn around we're going south I can't do
that that would be an illegal u-turn oh
come on I am NOT going to be an
accomplice to a traffic violation fine
you know what let me out right here just
pull over let me out
thanks a lot feel hey dapper stranger
need a lift
a drifter in the van with the kids not a
drifter he's wearing a tuxedo for you a
hobo magicians no no do you like magic
that's a dumb question obviously do it
for me I'll go for it check this out got
these smoke bomb
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you so much I have to get a
problem the absolute least I could do
you know I'm going myself anyway thank
you yeah come on
[Music]
no this isn't me what you need to gather
car
what do you mean it's it's terrible cow
I voted for Beyonce
[Applause]
these I need a ride Oh congressman this
was a Canadian that's the same thing
it's Jared killer huh it is such an
honor to meet with Madam President
oh thank you know you want a free
president's nominated tonight you
president Underwood and LBJ
LBJ I was my nickname in my high school
Spanish club he's hosting tonight we are
so pleased that you're hosting tonight's
Academy Awards its the Emmys yummy
there's fully a room up front
oh thank you you're a lifesaver thank
you
yeah I'm in between jobs right now you
know you can make $12 an hour driving
for uber I do not know that but that's
great I have to get downtown to the
Emmys are you nominated I am yeah Wow
what's that like it's nice thank you
think you can win there's a lot of
competition and probably not well here's
what I know if you run a positive
campaign
the voters ultimately will make the
right choice you know I didn't say that
my psychic Jimmy that was a joke get out
of the car
and shave that weight off your face you
godless Hollywood hippie joking
summation point
Oh heavenly Oprah if you could get me to
the Emmys I promise I'll never take a
kids Halloween candy again never mind
thanks for the right how do we
Jimmy
dracarys
and that's it for ease coverage of the
[Applause]
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if did it
subscribe anyway it's free who cares